Update startup time guidance to not recommend BinaryFormatter (#1924)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/application-startup-time.md

 Use the <xref:System.Resources.NeutralResourcesLanguageAttribute> to specify the neutral culture for the <xref:System.Resources.ResourceManager>. This approach avoids unsuccessful assembly lookups.  
  
## Use XML Serializer Generator

>  If you use the <xref:System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializer> class, you can achieve better performance if you pre-generate the serialization assembly using the [XML Serializer Generator tool (Sgen.exe)](/dotnet/standard/serialization/xml-serializer-generator-tool-sgen-exe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you use the <xref:System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializer> class, you can achieve better performance if you pregenerate the serialization assembly using the [XML Serializer Generator tool (Sgen.exe)](/dotnet/standard/serialization/xml-serializer-generator-tool-sgen-exe).
```
